[Music]
in 1976 paranormal investigators Edie
and Lorraine Warren document the
Amityville murders at the Amityville
house to determine if a demonic presence
was truly responsible for Ronald DeFeo
jr. murdering his family on November
13th 1974 and the subsequent haunting
incident involving the Lutz family
during a seance
Loreen has drawn into a vision where she
relives the murders a demonic nun figure
appears and lers her to the basement
where she witnesses Edie being impaled
before breaking out of the vision in
1977 the Hodgson family begins to
experience strange occurrences in their
home in London Janet the second oldest
of four children is seen sleepwalking
and conversing her dreams with an entity
in the form of an angry elderly man who
insists that the house is his eventually
all the Hodgson siblings and their
mother Peggy witnessed paranormal events
occurring right before their eyes
forcing them to seek refuge with their
neighbors when the media attempts to
interview the Hodgson's Jana is
possessed by the spirit of the elderly
man bill Wilkins who was revealed to
have previously lived and died in the
house during the possession Wilson
states that he enjoys tormenting the
family and wants to reclaim his home as
Janet begins to show more signs of
demonic possession the story eventually
reaches the Warren's and their
assistance is requested to assist the
local church in an investigation to
prove whether or not Jana's possession
is a hoax
Lorraine fearful that her vision of Ed's
death may become reality warns him not
to get too involved in the case but she
reluctantly agrees to travel to London
with him she has yet another vision of
the demonic Neyman ed study wherein the
demon says its name which Loraine
scribbles in her Bible while staying at
the Hodgson residence ed and Lorraine
consult with other paranormal
investigators including Maurice grosse
and Anita Gregory on legitimacy of the
case they also attempt to communicate
with Milkin spirit hoping to convince
him to stop haunting the family one
night after the Hodgson's witness Janet
being possessed
Gregory presents video evidence of Janet
purposely wreck in the kitchen as if for
a practical joke thereby discrediting
haunting based on this discovery ed and
Lorraine feel they have no choice but to
leave the family on their own but soon
discover that the spirit of Wilkins is
only a pawn being manipulated by the
demonic nun to haunt Janet and break her
will Lorraine then realizes that her
abilities have been blocked by the
demonic nun preventing her from grasping
the truth of Janet's possession ed and
Lorraine quickly returned to the Hodgson
residence only to find Janet being
possessed once more and the rest of the
Hodgson's locked outside the house
adventures inside the house alone a
lightning strike hits a tree near
leaving a jagged stump resembling the
object that impaled Edie and Lorraine's
vision Edie finds Janet standing near
the window ready to leap onto the stump
and commit suicide he manages to grab
Janet in time but finds himself holding
onto a curtain that is being torn from
its rings by his and Janet's weight
Lorraine remembers that she wrote the
demon's name Valek in her Bible she
enters the house and confronts phallic
addressing it by name and successfully
condemns it back to hell jana is freed
of its possession and lorraine pulls her
and EDD to safety after returning home
to united states ed adds an item to his
on the reins collection The Crooked Man
zoetrope toy owned by Peggy's youngest
child Billy placing it near April's
music box and the Annabelle doll
[Music]